1: Which of the following is not typically used during footprinting?
    C. Port scanning is typically reserved for later stages of the attack process.
2: What is the role of social engineering?
    C. Social engineering can gain information about computers and other items, but it does so by interacting with people to extract that information.
3: Which of the following can an attacker use to determine the technology and structure within an organization?
    A. Job boards are useful in getting an idea of the technology within an organization. By looking at job requirements, you can get a good idea of the technology present. While the other options here may provide technical data, job boards tend to have the best chance of providing it.
4: The Wayback Machine is used to do which of the following?
    C. The Wayback Machine is used to view archived versions of websites if available (not all websites are archived via the Wayback Machine).
5: Which record will reveal information about a mail server for a domain?
    D. MX records are DNS records used to locate the mail server for a domain.
6: What phase comes after footprinting?
    C.  Scanning comes after the footprinting phase. Footprinting is used to get a better idea of the target.
7: If you can’t gain enough information directly from a target, what is another option?
    D. Competitive analysis can prove very effective when you’re trying to gain more detailed information about a target. Competitive analysis relies on looking at a target’s competitors in an effort to find out more about the target.
8: Footprinting can determine all of the following except -------------?
    D. Footprinting is not very effective at gaining information about the number of personnel.
9: Footprinting has two phases. What are they?
    B. Footprinting is typically broken into active and passive phases, which are characterized by how aggressive the process actually is. Active phases are much more aggressive than their passive counterparts.
10: Which tool can trace the path of a packet?
    B. Tracert is a tool used to trace the path of a packet from source to ultimate destination.