Concerns
    All previous Concerns
        being hacked
        SQLi
        DOS (maybe)
        etc
    Where is the Data? in many places we don't know exactly :(
        for more secure projects and Data, it can be high risk!
            some people say our Data is in the Cloud and think it's perfect
                your Data isn't in the Cloud, it's in someone else Computer/Storage :D
                    it can have a bad admin/employee/etc!
            your Data can be in a country the government can get them by rules ;)
    Are we locked in this provider?
        What happens if prices increase, the company goes out of business or something?!
        How are the migration/export routines?!
            it's easy to move or not ;)
            do they have a standard format to make it easy to move or not?!
    Easy to enter, difficult to go out
    eDOS
        Economic DOS
            1. when you have a normal host, you have a limitation on your resources and it can be down your service when requests increases, but in Cloud services, you can set adding resources dynamically if your service needs some more resources because of more requests, so it adds automatically some new resources without down your system.
                finally, at the end of the month, you will receive a bill with an unbelievable price :D
            2. it can consume your credit on sending more and more SMSs by sending new messages because you connected your credit card to auto-charge your balance of SMS service that the Cloud platform provided to you :D
            3. they can use your service and increase your price!
            4. even access admin GUI and order extra service!
    Hypervisor
    Other programs
        some new websites can be hosted on the same disk/resources that you are on, and hack your service via sharing resources ;)
    CPU bugs
        CPU bugs we saw published in recent years
            they're so dangerous and difficult to fix!
    Threats to Cloud Security
        Data breaches
        Data loss
        Account and service traffic hijacking
        Insecure APIs
        Denial of service
        Financial impact
        Malicious insiders
        Abuse of cloud services
        Poor security or lack of due diligence from the service provider
        Multi-tenancy environments
        Shared environment
    Cloud Computing Attacks
        Session Riding (aka Cross-Site Request Forgery)
        Side Channel Attacks
        Signature Wrapping Attacks
        Other Types of Attacks against the Cloud
            Service hijacking using network sniffing
            Session hijacking using XSS attacks
            Domain Name System (DNS) attacks
            SQL injection attacks
            Cryptanalysis attacks
            Denial-of-service (DoS) and Distributed DoS attacks
    Testing Security in the Cloud
        SOASTA CloudTest
            mobile functional and performance testing and web-based functional and performance testing.
            It can simulate millions of geographically dispersed concurrent users visiting a website to test the application under huge loads.
        LoadStorm
            load-testing tool for web and mobile applications and is easy to use and cost effective.
            It is ideal for checking performance under excessive traffic or usage and is highly scalable.
            it can simulate as many virtual users as required to find the breaking point of a website or app.
        BlazeMeter
            BlazeMeter is used for end-to-end performance and load testing of mobile apps, websites, and APIs.
            It is JMeter compatible and can simulate up to 1 million users.
        Nexpose
            Nexpose is a widely used vulnerability scanner that can detect vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, and missing patches in a range of devices, firewalls, virtualized systems, cloud infrastructure, and the like.
        AppThwack
            AppThwack is a cloud-based simulator for testing Android, iOS, and web apps on actual devices.
            It is compatible with popular automation platforms like Robotium, Calabash, UI Automation, and several others.
            If you wish to test through clients other than the official site, there is a REST API that allows that.
            Other key features include multi-platform support, customizable testing, and detailed test reports.
        Jenkins Dev@Cloud
            It allows development in many languages and deployment to any number of services. It provides a wide array of mobile tools for development and allows you to connect securely to existing systems via the cloud. It brings in benefits of third-party systems like Google App Engine, Cloud Foundry, and AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
        Xamarin Test Cloud
            Xamarin Test Cloud is a UI acceptance-testing tool for mobile apps. It allows writing tests in C# using the NUnit testing library through the UITest framework or in Ruby through the Calabash framework.
            The tool runs the test on over a thousand physical devices and displays full-resolution screen shots of each step, including relevant data like CPU and memory usage and test time.
            It can be integrated into automated builds for continuous integration.
    Read pages 645, 646, 647 of CEH Book Version 9