1. Which of the following is used for banner grabbing?
    A: Telnet is used to perform banner grabs against a system. However, other tools are available to do this as well.
2. Which of the following is used for identifying a web server OS?
    B: Netcraft is used to gather information about many aspects of a system, including operating system, IP address, and even country of origin.
3. Which of the following is not a flag on a packet?
    D: End is not a type of flag. Valid flags are ACK, FIN, SYN, URG, RST, and PSH.
4. An SYN attack uses which protocol?
    A: TCP SYN flags are seen only on TCP-based transmissions and not in UDP transmissions of any kind.
    Hint: An RST indicates the port is closed in many of the TCP scan types. The RST is sent in response to a connection request and the RST indicates that the port is not available.
5. During an FIN scan, what indicates that a port is closed?
    B: An RST indicates that the port is closed.
6. A full-open scan means that the three-way handshake has been completed. What is the difference between this and a half-open scan?
    C: A three-way handshake is part of every TCP connection and happens at the beginning of every connection. In the case of a half-open scan, however, a final ACK is not sent, therefore leaving the connection halfway complete.
7. What is an ICMP echo scan?
    A: An ICMP echo scan is a ping sweep-type scan.
8. What is the purpose of a proxy?
    C: A proxy is used to hide the party launching a scan.
9. A banner can do what?
    D: A banner can be changed on many services, keeping them from being easily identified. If this is not done, it is possible to use tools such as Telnet to gain information about a service and use that information to fine-tune an attack.
10. nmap is required to perform what type of scan?
    A: is designed to perform scans against ports on a system or group of systems,but it is by far the most popular tool in many categories.

Hints:
    1. Tor is designed to hide the process of scanning as well as the origin of a scan. In addition, it can provide encryption services to hide the traffic itself.
    2. You do not need to use a proxy to perform scanning, but using one will hide the process of scanning and make it more difficult to monitor by the victim or other parties.
    3. Vulnerability scanners are necessary for a security person to use to strengthen their systems by finding weaknesses before an attacker does.