Evasion
    In CEH Version 9
    It's how we can Evade/bypass something like Firewall to get access to the Network ;)
    You should know how they try to capture/prevent you ;)
    IDS
        Analyze
            detecting/blocking suspicious packets/requests
        Identify
        Report misuse of Network/Host
        Tools
            NIDS
                they're in the network as a device to watch/monitor Network packets.
                inspect packets
            HIDS
                host-based. installed on servers (mainly Windows)
                checking packets
            LFMs
                Watch/monitor Log files to see what happens and detect abnormal activities.
                    looking for patterns
                    like watching log files to see who is trying to connect to the SSH more and more and block or looking for this type of request in Apache logs to find SQLi strings ;)
            File integrity
                like TripWire
                    looking for/hashing sensitive directories contents and store that to find out if they change ;)
                        some directories or files won't be changed and we don't expect them to change!
        How?
            check for anomalies, signatures, rules, etc.
                a series/sequences of packets/strings or some.
            it might check for things that are not in its DB. (it's abnormal!)
                it's vice versa
                    it can have some normal activity patterns in the DB and block everything if was not in the DB!
            protocol detection
                detect other protocols we have not used!
            if anomaly passes a threshold, informs
                like buzzing if failed logins go above 80 for example ;)
    Firewall (It can act as an IDS too)
        from block sending requests from an IP to another IP to advanced methods like blocking SQLi like commands/strings. 
        DMZ
            the buffer zone between public and private to connect public incoming requests to the specific server/web server in the private area ;)
                it also exposes some of the private
        Packet filtering
            Network-level
                we can create rules with DST, SRC, Port, Protocol
                    like DST ANY DROP 22
                    like SRC ANY DROP 80
        Circuit level gateway
            works in the session layer
                it can check if the session request is valid by checking the TCP handshake
                like dropping an RST request without any pre ESTABLISHED connection/session!
        Application layer
            checking the Application level data
            like checking if a user is logged in or not!
        Stateful multilayer inspection
            combines all above
            works in all layers
    Detecting Firewalls
        detect which Firewall is running?
            Port scanning
                if we can't do a Ping, there can be a Firewall out there ;)
                if we get all ports filtered, it can be the behavior of a Firewall ;)
                if our RST, FIN requests don't get any response, it can be a Firewall ;)
                if our requests included SQLi strings don't get any response, it can be a Firewall ;)
                etc
            Firewalking
                firewalk -S1-1024 -i <interface> -n -pTCP <gateway IP> <target IP>