Evasion Techniques
    IDS
        how to evade an IDS?
            DOS on IDS
                hack the IDS
                sometimes might drop packets if it can't check them or may pass them into the Network ;)
            Insertion
                IDS and intended Server will receive different packets
                Example
                    1. we want to send the message "SQL" to the final Server that is behind an IDS.
                    2. we can send a message like "STQHL" to the Network, but each character is inside a different packet with different TTL.
                    3. now, we set TTL of the unwanted characters packets to a number that we know it can't deliver to the final Server and only can give to the IDS, but we set the TTL of the "SQL" characters packets a number we know it can deliver to the Server.
                    4. so IDS can STQHL that it's ok and it doesn't seem any problem, but the Server can see SQL that it is an SQLi command that can be dangerous ;)
                        TTL was an example. we can send a wrong Checksum or any ;)
                            we should find a way that IDS detects but the Server won't.
            Obfuscating
                sending Hex characters/comments between characters/etc to bypass IDS detection ;)
            Crying wolf (IDS can be a Crying wolf :D)
                you can do an attack that you know IDS will buzz for it for ten times in the night to annoy the employer/supervisor ;)
                then, he may turn it off because of annoying. after that you can run a real attack to hack the Network without worrying about someone is watching you :D
            Session Splicing (Fragmenting)
                you can send a dangerous message in different fragments, so IDS can't detect/track it ;)
                    it can be so heavy if IDS wants to track all packets between all destinations :D 
            Fun with TCP Flags
                Bogus RST
                    the wrong checksum will result in IDS not testing the packet/passing it or dropping it!
                Sense of Urgency (URG flag)
                    if URG is set to true/one, it means that it should deliver as fast as it can, so sometimes IDS may pass the packets with the URG flag ;)
    Encryption
        IDS can't read/decrypt encrypted packets like TLS packets to check the payload, so they can pass easily ;)
    Firewalls
        IP address Spoofing
            sometimes you know that send/receive between two IP addresses are allowed, so you can Spoof your SRC IP address as the allowed IP to make sure that IDS will deliver that to the Server ;)
        Source routing
            you can plan the routing and bypass the Firewall!
                sometimes Routers may not forward inside packets to the Firewall to check it, so you can Spoof or do any to be seen that your packet is a packet from the inside of the Network and it can prevent forward to the IDS ;)
        Fragmentation
            very small Fragmentation
                TCP header information will go to the next packet!
        Bypass domain name by using IP directly!
            using IP addresses instead of Domain names in packets ;)
                sometimes some IDSs may not check them and forward them to the destination ;)
        ICMP Tunnel
            like Loki
                sending your data in the ICMP payload to bypass IDS and Firewall ;)
                    you can use it in Hotels to bypass Firewall rules on the HTTP type packets. it will forward your ICMP packets to the Internet ;)
        ACK Tunneling
            The firewall may not check anything with ACK flag
        HTTP Tunneling