active online attacks
    guessing passwords
        creating potential parts, rand them and test
            list all keywords for a specified person
                John, 1987, Dog, Mexico, BMW, etc.
    Trojan, spyware, keylogger
        as a device or a software you written to run on the target machine.
        like adwares, free APK files, free fake messengers, naked camera app, applications make your face old, young, girl or something.
    hash injection (on windows, pwdump7.exe (by Tarasco Security) will dump password hashes from the windows OS)
        reading password hashes and using them on the different locations.
offline attacks (getting/recovering password hashes from the databases)
    precomputed hashes
        checking the found hashes with precomputed hashes from some most used passwords in the system.
    rainbow table (winrtgen + rcrack_gui.exe) -> windows based rainbow table generator.
        checking the found hashes with rainbow table contains all password cases to find the clear text password!
        these tables are made on the strong hardwares with huge storage.
        there are some online rainbow table websites you can check your hashes to find clear text passwords:
            crackstation.net
            project-rainbowcrack.com
    brute force (john the ripper making list by GPU)
        check all cases to find the password of that found hash!
distributed network attacks (DNA)
    simply, using distributed machines.
    different people are engaging in those projects. Like SETI@Home
default passwords
    we have still some websites or systems that are using some simple default passwords like admin, admin123, etc.
USB automated password theft
    Protected Storage PassView (pspv.exe on windows)
        it's a small tool to reveals the passwords stored on your computer by Internet Explorer, Outlook Express, and MSN Explorer.
        it collects all string and passwords are used in those softwares.
    like rubber ducky USB
        run automated scripts on the systems
            find windows passwords
            changing the system wallpaper
            finding the MAC OS passwords
            sending some information from the operating system to a target.
            etc.