Physical Security
    It's important to think about ;)
    Simple Controls
        Passwords
            all devices should have secure Passwords!
        Screen Savers
            automatically
        Lock Screens
            locking your Laptop, Phones, and all other devices when you don't need them even for a short period of time!
        Warning Messages
            showing a message that says this is the System or area of a company/organization and you don't have permission to enter!
                this only gives you a legal advantage to track and send the attacker to jail ;)
        Multi-Factor Authentication
            HAK (Have, Are, Know)
                someone who is trying to enter/use something, should Have, Are, and Know something special
                    like phone, cards, addresses, Passwords, etc.
                        more factors give you more security ;)
        Encryption (Mobile devices)
            securing your hard Drives with your Password. in the other hand, they can plug your Drive somewhere else and read all your Data!
        Data Storage Security and Backups
            Full
            Incremental
                from the previous Backup
                Restoration
                    1. restore the last Full Backup
                    2. restore all Incremental Backups in order of creation!
            Differential
                from last full Backup
                Restoration
                    1. restore the last Full Backup
                    2. restore only the last backup that contains all changes from the last Full Backup.
                    it's faster than Incremental Backup in terms of Restoration ;)
        Wiping Drives
            if you want to put Drives in the trash, you must wipe them first ;)
            DoD suggests 7 writes at least!
            Zeroization
            Degaussing
                using powerful magnets to destroy them.
        Non-Repudiation: It was you
            different users must have their own passwords to detect different people ;)
    Securing physical area
        Not only against hackers and etc, but rain and flood and etc can damage your resources ;)
        Know about lockpicking attacks
            how to open locks ;)
                using pretty good locks ;)
        RFID cards and Biometrics
        Controlling entries
            especially for somewhere like Server rooms!
                users can enter with permission that given before for a specific time and a specific task and location ;)
        Securing Laptops, Cases and Servers physically
        Disabling USBs, Drives, and etc.
        Separating the Internet and the Network
    Education and Awareness
    Defense in depth
        delay the attacker layer by layer
            on physical they suggest three layers:
                Perimeter
                Exterior
                Interior