DOS Types
    Layers based on the OSI model
        Layer 1: Physical layer
        Layer 2: Data link layer
        Layer 3: Network layer
        Layer 4: Transport layer
        Layer 5: Session layer
        Layer 6: Presentation layer
        Layer 7: Application layer
    Physical attacks
        access to the systems, networks, PCs, and something like them to break the responsibility!
    Fragmentation
        packets are sent via different fragments. so we can skip some fragments and keep the server busy to wait for other lost fragments!
            server can't rebuild packets. Layer 4
    TCP-STATE exhausting
        just sending SYN. then it sends back an SYN-ACK, but we don't send the rest of the packets to initiate a session!
            it waits for receiving the rest of the packets for a while, but there aren't any!
        just sending FIN to a web server that we do have not any connection to!
            it sends us back an RST packet. we can do it more and more to make it busy!
    UDP flooding
        when we are sending a packet to a closed port, the server sends us back an answer that it's Closed!
            forcing a lot of destination unreachable answers. Layer 4
    DNS, NTP, SSDP, SNMP, SMTP, and etc.
        forcing the server to answer all of our unrelated requests!
    ICMP
        sending too many ICMP requests to make it busy to answer all of them!
            hping flood
            ping of death (large) (RFC 791)
                ping packets can be from 56 bytes to 65.535 bytes!
                you can check the network quality by sending large ping packets and receive their answers!
                all systems have a buffer[65.535] to store the ping packet.
                    we can send a ping packet with more than 65.535 bytes to make a buffer overflow on that ;)
                        because of this, we call it ping of death!
                    it's almost resolved ;)
    SMURF
        reverse ICMP flood
            sending an ICMP request with a fake SRC IP address to a server. then that server sends back an ICMP REPLY to the sender!
                think if we send a BROADCAST ICMP request from a fake SRC in the network
                    each system wants to send back a REPLY to that sender ;)
    Fraggle
        SMURF with UDP
    LAND
        sending traffic to the target with its own source!
            make it busy with an unfinished loop with itself :D
    PDOS
        permanent DOS!
            Phlashing
                like updating the firmware of a switch remotely with a bad file to make it brick! (make it out of service)
    Social media
        at ease, we can refresh a webpage at the same time with a more than a million people!
        for a more complex example, we can ask the server to send us back statistics of the last two months of network usage :D
            ask people to attack using LOIC or just JS LOIC
    Application Layer
        for example, say requesting large searches
    Volumetric
        too many requests
    Buffer overflow