Prevention
    Tools
        Reduce attack surface
            disabling unused services/ports
            whitelisting
            closing unrelated/unused URLs or paths
        DDOS runbook checklist
            everything you may need to prevent DDOS attacks
                even as a Hacker we can use all of this to know what types of attacks are available out there to use ;)
            provided by different companies like Cisco
        NOP is 0x90
            0x90 is the hexadecimal value of a NOP instruction for Intel-based systems.
            Remember to keep an eye out for this value; it indicates a NOP and possibly a NOP sled, which could indicate a buffer overflow condition in progress.
        UTM/IPS can have reputation-based filtering
            automatically detect/prevent some attacks:
                SYN attacks
                Deny FIN attacks when you do have not any established connection with that server!
                Deny suspicious packets/strings like SQLi commands
                Reputation-based filtering
                checking spam IPs based on the international IP lists
        Rate limiting/throttling
            like limit connection numbers in webserver
            limiting how many answers you should send back!
        Reverse proxy
            you might want to have a Reverse proxy like Nginx to process and make limitations on all receiving packets from the network then forward them or ask them from the main web server like Apache and pass the answer to the user/network!
                even caching, rate limiting and etc.
        TCP intercept
            The firewall can reply to SYN and forward to the server when there is a valid connection
        Web application filtering (WAF)
            check everything on the Application Layer.
                like Fail2ban
            it will check if the request is valid and not fishy!
            WAF can do the HTTPS termination
    Design
        Load Balancing / Application Delivery Controller
            like BigIP F5
                forwarding traffic to different servers by different methods ;)
    Development
        Sandboxing on application
            separating Databases, Web servers and etc.
            it will prevent one DOS from drowning everything.
        Having challenges
            Captcha
            Validate browser with JS
                like sliders to pushing with a mouse on the screen to detect you are a human!
                like google photo ReCaptcha!
        There are cloud services for preventing and attacking
            it provided/sold as Jmeter / Hulk / IP Stressors / DDOSer / Booter / ways you can find in the Dark web
                like Cloudflare, AbrArvan
                    checking security problems or even doing all encryption algorithms like TLS and passing with you in plain HTTP!