WIFI Security (It's better to say Wireless Security)
    It's new to CEH Version 10
    Bluetooth, 3G, 4G, and etc.
    Fundamentals
        Wireless access technology
        Network topologies
        Communications on protocols
        Mobile technologies
        Security policy implications
    Packets contain SSID
    ACL
    MAC Address
    Kali
        it needs to see the adapter.
            it's better to have a specified adapter for testing purposes!
    Wireless Encryption Mechanisms (Easy to hard)
        OPEN
        ACL
            Whitelisting
                make a trust access list
        WEP
            it has key management problems and shared key
            The WEP standard was introduced as the initial solution to wireless security but was quickly found to be flawed and highly vulnerable.
        WPA
            In many areas it succeeded and made for a much tougher security protocol.
            WPA uses Temporal Key Integrity Protocol (TKIP) and message integrity code (MIC)
        WPA2
            WPA2 is much stronger and uses tougher encryption in the form of AES and CCMP (Counter Mode with Cipher Block Chaining Message Authentication Code Protocol).
            The standard also comes in a version that uses stronger systems such as Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP), TKIP, and AES (with longer keys).
    Authentication Technologies
        EAP is incorporated into multiple authentication methods, such as token cards, Kerberos, and certificates.
        Lightweight Extensible Authentication Protocol (LEAP) is a proprietary WLAN authentication protocol developed by Cisco.
        Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) is a centralized authentication and authorization management system.
        802.11i is an IEEE standard that specifies security mechanisms for 802.11 wireless networks.
    Rouge AP
        like fake free Hotspot/access point
    Lots of concepts and tools
        like wardriving
    Be careful about Free WIFI