Fundamentals (Jargon)
    Vocabularies are huge!
    Ad-Hoc mode (peer to peer)
        Definition
            each system can connect to each system that wants not via a central point!
        BSS (Basic service set)
            it needs an area to cover all systems that want to speak together!
                the problem is that we can't make such a big network/area to use this!
        IBSS (Independent BSS. no other device)
            it's not a dependent network like star topology and all systems can speak to every system that is in the same area (BSS)!
        Half-Duplex
            Ad-Hoc networks are Half-Duplex
                they can't send/receive simultaneously
    Infrastructure mode (like Star topology)
        AP (Access point. Hotspot)
            sharing network for another devices/acting like an AP for other devices.
        BSA (Basic service area or cell)
            network cell
        SSID (Service set identifier system)
            the name of the network.
        There is a DS (Distribution System) which connects the wireless connection to other systems
            like router
            central device to connect devices to another network!
        Channels are important
            Auto
                devices in Auto mode search for a free channel and use it!
                    because of this, we can't use more than 12 routers in the place because they must make conflicts with each other on the same channels ;)
                        we should configure them as Auto or config them manually on different channels to prevent conflict!
                like 1, 3, 5, and etc.
            they should not interfere
                you can't have two networks with the same channel number on the same frequency in one place!
                    it can cause making conflicts!
    Controller (Wireless LAN controller)
        Can push configs to the APs automatically
        ESS (Extended service set. combination of all AP areas)
            same SSIDs on the different APs to make a bigger coverage in the office!
        Roaming (Same SSID on different channels)
    Tools
        inSSIDer