Encryption
    Confidentiality
        keep it Secret
            others can't see it
    Integrity
        keep the message as when it was original
            it's not changed
    Identification
        we can decrypt the message with Bob's Key, so we can make sure it is encrypted by Bob!
    Plain text -> Encryption algorithm -> Cipher text
        like ABCDEFG -> Algorithm A -> hsdfu3gy23bwhbdj
    Keys should be secret, not the algorithms
        we should have a secure and safe Key prevent it from Decryption even if we know the algorithm!
            algorithms that don't have any Keys and they made by people personally are weak and not reliable!
                it's good when we know the algorithms, but we can't decrypt it because we don't know/have the Key ;)
                    like popular algorithms everyone use!
    Symmetric
        Key or Single Key, Secret Key, Session Key, Shared Key
            Encryption Phase:   Plain text  ->  with Key A  ->  Cipher text
            Decryption Phase:   Cipher text ->  with Key A  ->  Plain text
    Asymmetric
        Pair Keys
            Encryption Phase:   Plain text  ->  with Key A  ->  Cipher text
            Decryption Phase:   Cipher text ->  with Key B  ->  Plain text
    Steganography
        hiding something in something else especially in Pictures/Images
            it can put Data between bits of the file, but the Picture/Image can't be detected as a changed file with eyes!
    Action
        Here are some examples of applied cryptography
            Public key infrastructure (PKI)
            Digital certificates
            Authentication
            E-commerce
            RSA
            MD-5
            Secure Hash Algorithm (SHA)
            Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
            Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)
            Secure Shell (SSH)
    How Does It Work?
        Plain Text/Clear Text
        Cipher Text 
        Algorithms
        Keys
    Applications
        IPsec
            Internet Protocol Security (IPsec) is a set of protocols designed to protect the confidentiality and integrity of data as it flows over a network. The set of protocols is designed to operate at the Network layer of the OSI model and process packets according to a predefined group of settings.
        Pretty Good Privacy
            Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) is another application of cryptographic technologies. Using public-key encryption, PGP is one of the most widely recognized cryptosystems in the world. PGP has been used to protect the privacy of email, data, data storage, and other forms of communication such as instant messaging.
        Secure Sockets Layer
            Another important mechanism for securing information is the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). The SSL protocol was developed by Netscape in the mid-1990s and rapidly became a standard mechanism for exchanging data securely over insecure channels such as the Internet.