Fundamentals
    Basic Encryption
        Transposition
            Rail Fence cipher
                The Rail Fence cipher is a form of transposition cipher that gets its name from the way in which it is encoded. In the rail fence cipher, the plaintext is written downwards and diagonally on successive "rails" of an imaginary fence, then moving up when we get to the bottom. The message is then read off in rows. For example, using three "rails" and a message of 'WE ARE DISCOVERED FLEE AT ONCE', the ciphered writes out:
                    W . . . E . . . C . . . R . . . L . . . T . . . E
                    . E . R . D . S . O . E . E . F . E . A . O . C .
                    . . A . . . I . . . V . . . D . . . E . . . N . .
                Then reads off:
                    WECRL TEERD SOEEF EAOCA IVDEN
            Scytale
                The rail fence cipher follows a pattern similar to that of the scytale, a mechanical system of producing a transposition cipher used by the ancient Greeks. The system consisted of a cylinder and a ribbon that was wrapped around the cylinder. The message to be encrypted was written on the coiled ribbon. The letters of the original message would be rearranged when the ribbon was uncoiled from the cylinder. However, the message was easily decrypted when the ribbon was recoiled on a cylinder of the same diameter as the encrypting cylinder. Using the same example as before, if the cylinder has a radius such that only three letters can fit around its circumference, the ciphered writes out:
                    W . . E . . A . . R . . E . . D . . I . . S . . C
                    . O . . V . . E . . R . . E . . D . . F . . L . .
                    . . E . . E . . A . . T . . O . . N . . C . . E .
                In this example, the cylinder is running horizontally and the ribbon is wrapped around vertically. Hence, the ciphered then reads off:
                    WOEEV EAEAR RTEEO DDNIF CSLEC
            Route cipher
                In a route cipher, the plaintext is first written out in a grid of given dimensions, then read off in a pattern given in the key. For example, using the same plaintext that we used for rail fence:
                    W R I O R F E O E 
                    E E S V E L A N J 
                    A D C E D E T C X 
                The key might specify "spiral inwards, clockwise, starting from the top right". That would give a cipher text of:
                    EJXCTEDEC DAEWRIORF EONALEVSE
                Route ciphers have many more keys than a rail fence. In fact, for messages of reasonable length, the number of possible keys is potentially too great to be enumerated even by modern machinery. However, not all keys are equally good. Badly chosen routes will leave excessive chunks of plaintext, or text simply reversed, and this will give cryptanalyst a clue as to the routes.
            Columnar transposition
                In a columnar transposition, the message is written out in rows of a fixed length, and then read out again column by column, and the columns are chosen in some scrambled order. Both the width of the rows and the permutation of the columns are usually defined by a keyword. For example, the keyword ZEBRAS is of length 6 (so the rows are of length 6), and the permutation is defined by the alphabetical order of the letters in the keyword. In this case, the order would be "6 3 2 4 1 5".
                In a regular columnar transposition cipher, any spare spaces are filled with nulls; in an irregular columnar transposition cipher, the spaces are left blank. Finally, the message is read off in columns, in the order specified by the keyword. For example, suppose we use the keyword ZEBRAS and the message WE ARE DISCOVERED. FLEE AT ONCE. In a regular columnar transposition, we write this into the grid as follows:
                    6 3 2 4 1 5
                    W E A R E D
                    I S C O V E 
                    R E D F L E 
                    E A T O N C 
                    E Q K J E U
                providing five nulls (QKJEU), these letters can be randomly selected as they just fill out the incomplete columns and are not part of the message. The ciphered is then read off as:
                    EVLNE ACDTK ESEAQ ROFOJ DEECU WIREE
                In the irregular case, the columns are not completed by nulls:
                    6 3 2 4 1 5
                    W E A R E D 
                    I S C O V E 
                    R E D F L E 
                    E A T O N C 
                    E 
                This results in the following ciphertext:
                    EVLNA CDTES EAROF ODEEC WIREE
                To decipher it, the recipient has to work out the column lengths by dividing the message length by the key length. Then they can write the message out in columns again, then re-order the columns by reforming the keyword.
                In a variation, the message is blocked into segments that are the key length long and to each segment the same permutation (given by the key) is applied. This is equivalent to a columnar transposition where the read-out is by rows instead of columns. Columnar transposition continued to be used for serious purposes as a component of more complex ciphers at least into the 1950s.
            Double transposition
                A single columnar transposition could be attacked by guessing possible column lengths, writing the message out in its columns (but in the wrong order, as the key is not yet known), and then looking for possible anagrams. Thus to make it stronger, a double transposition was often used. This is simply a columnar transposition applied twice. The same key can be used for both transpositions, or two different keys can be used.
                As an example, we can take the result of the irregular columnar transposition in the previous section, and perform a second encryption with a different keyword, STRIPE, which gives the permutation "564231":
                    5 6 4 2 3 1 
                    E V L N A C
                    D T E S E A
                    R O F O D E
                    E C W I R E
                    E
                As before, this is read off column wise to give the ciphered:
                    CAEEN SOIAE DRLEF WEDRE EVTOC
                If multiple messages of exactly the same length are encrypted using the same keys, they can be anagrammed simultaneously. This can lead to both recovery of the messages, and to recovery of the keys (so that every other message sent with those keys can be read).
                During World War I, the German military used a double columnar transposition cipher, changing the keys infrequently. The system was regularly solved by the French, naming it Übchi, who were typically able to quickly find the keys once they'd intercepted a number of messages of the same length, which generally took only a few days. However, the French success became widely known and, after a publication in Le Matin, the Germans changed to a new system on 18 November 1914.
                During World War II, the double transposition cipher was used by Dutch Resistance groups, the French Maquis and the British Special Operations Executive (SOE), which was in charge of managing underground activities in Europe. It was also used by agents of the American Office of Strategic Services and as an emergency cipher for the German Army and Navy.
                Until the invention of the VIC cipher, double transposition was generally regarded as the most complicated cipher that an agent could operate reliably under difficult field conditions.
                Cryptanalysis
                    The double transposition cipher can be treated as a single transposition with a key as long as the product of the lengths of the two keys. In late 2013, a double transposition challenge, regarded by its author as undecipherable, was solved by George Lasry using a divide-and-conquer approach where each transposition was attacked individually.
            Myszkowski transposition
                A variant form of columnar transposition, proposed by Émile Victor Théodore Myszkowski in 1902, requires a keyword with recurrent letters. In usual practice, subsequent occurrences of a keyword letter are treated as if the next letter in alphabetical order, e.g., the keyword TOMATO yields a numeric key string of "532164."
                In Myszkowski transposition, recurrent keyword letters are numbered identically, TOMATO yielding a keystring of "432143."
                    4 3 2 1 4 3
                    W E A R E D
                    I S C O V E
                    R E D F L E
                    E A T O N C
                    E
                Plaintext columns with unique numbers are transcribed downward; those with recurring numbers are transcribed left to right:
                    ROFOA CDTED SEEEA CWEIV RLENE
            Disrupted transposition
                A disrupted transposition cipher further complicates the transposition pattern with irregular filling of the rows of the matrix, i.e. with some spaces intentionally left blank (or blackened out like in the Rasterschlüssel 44), or filled later with either another part of the plaintext or random letters. One possible algorithm is to start a new row whenever the plaintext reaches a password character. Another simple option would be to use a password that places blanks according to its number sequence. E.g. "SECRET" would be decoded to a sequence of "5,2,1,4,3,6" and cross out the 5th field of the matrix, then count again and cross out the second field, etc. The following example would be a matrix set up for columnar transposition with the columnar key "CRYPTO" and filled with crossed out fields according to the disruption key "SECRET" (marked with an asterisk), whereafter the message "we are discovered, flee at once" is placed in the leftover spaces. The resulting ciphertext (the columns read according to the transposition key) is "WCEEO ERET RIVFC EODN SELE ADA".
                    C R Y P T O
                    1 4 6 3 5 2
                    W E A R * E
                    * * D I S *
                    C O * V E R
                    E D * F L E
                    E * A * * T
                    O N * C E *
            Combinations
                Transposition is often combined with other techniques such as evaluation methods. For example, a simple substitution cipher combined with a columnar transposition avoids the weakness of both. Replacing high frequency ciphered symbols with high frequency plaintext letters does not reveal chunks of plaintext because of the transposition. Anagramming the transposition does not work because of the substitution. The technique is particularly powerful if combined with fractionation (see below). A disadvantage is that such ciphers are considerably more laborious and error prone than simpler ciphers. 
        Substitution
            Concept
                In cryptography, a substitution cipher is a method of encrypting in which units of plaintext are replaced with the cipher text, in a defined manner, with the help of a key; the "units" may be single letters (the most common), pairs of letters, triplets of letters, mixtures of the above, and so forth. The receiver deciphers the text by performing the inverse substitution process to extract the original message.
                Substitution ciphers can be compared with transposition ciphers. In a transposition cipher, the units of the plaintext are rearranged in a different and usually quite complex order, but the units themselves are left unchanged. By contrast, in a substitution cipher, the units of the plaintext are retained in the same sequence in the cipher text, but the units themselves are altered.
                There are a number of different types of substitution cipher. If the cipher operates on single letters, it is termed a simple substitution cipher; a cipher that operates on larger groups of letters is termed polygraphic. A monoalphabetic cipher uses fixed substitution over the entire message, whereas a polyalphabetic cipher uses a number of substitutions at different positions in the message, where a unit from the plaintext is mapped to one of several possibilities in the cipher text and vice versa.
            Simple substitution
            Nomenclator
            Homophonic substitution
            Polyalphabetic substitution
            Polygraphic substitution
            Examples
                Rotation
                    like caesar
                        we can say rot 13
                            example: ABCD -> rot 4 -> DEFG
                        it breaks via distribution
                            For example, Some experts say that in English most repeated character is E, so most repeatedly character is something equal to E, so we can find the distance of characters from the starter character ;)
                            Sometimes, the letters started with Hello or Hi in the first line of the message, so any 5 or 2 letters characters should be equal to Hello or Hi, then we can find the distance ;)
                Rotation with a key
                    we can say Vigenere grid
    Reference
        All algorithms are available in Wikipedia with lots of examples ;)