Certificate Authorities
    Certificates are data structures that stores Keys (X.509)
    CA is a repo of certificates
        collecting data and issuing a certificate.
    CA and its systems are called Public Key infra (PKI)
    Anyone can create Certificates, but if you want to be on your Servers and recognized by others, you need to sign it by a CA
        (Trusted 3rd Party)
    Only the power will get the Private Key, but everyone can check the Public Key.
    Keys have fingerprints
    Generating Self-Signed Keys
        openssl req -x509 -newkey rsa:4096 -keyout key.pem
        openssl -x509 -in key.pem -text
    PGP (GNU - GPG)
        instead of CA, they use web of trust
            like MIT
        I upload mine, then someone who knows me, check my fingerprint and sign my Public Key, so his friends will know me!
        not good for Servers, but it can be good for people!
    Secure Multipurpose Internet Mail Exchange (S/MIME)
        another protocol for sending/signing emails
        Part of mail exchanging program
        like X.509 on active directory
    Some of the items included on the digital credential are these:
        Version
        Serial number
        Algorithm ID
        Issuer
        Validity
        Not before
        Not after
        Subject
        Subject public key info
        Public key algorithm
        Subject public key
    Some actions that a CA is called on to perform include the following:
        Generation of the Key Pair 
            When a CA goes through the process of creating a certificate, a key pair that is made up of a public key and a private key is generated. The public key is made available to the public at large, whereas the private key is given to the party requesting the digital certificate.
        Generation of Certificates
            The CA generates digital certificates for any authorized party when requested. This certificate is generated after validation of the identity of the requesting party, as mentioned earlier.
        Publication of the Public Key
            The public key is bound to each digital certificate. Anyone who trusts the CA or requests the public key will get the key for their use.
        Validation of Certificates
            When a certificate is presented by one party to another, it must be validated. Since both parties involved typically do not know each other, they must rely on a third party who is trusted; this is the role of the CA.
        Revocation of Certificates
            If a certificate is no longer needed or trusted, it can be revoked before it expires.
    All CAs are not the same. The types of CAs are as follows:
        Root CA
            The root CA initiates all trust paths. The root CA is the top of the food chain and thus must be secured and protected; if its trust is called into question, all other systems and subsequently generated certificates will become un-trustable.
        Trusted Root CA
            A trusted root CA is a CA that’s added to an application such as a browser by the software vendor. It signifies that the application vendor trusts the CA and assigns the entity a high level of trust.
        Peer CA
            The peer CA provides a self-signed certificate that is distributed to its certificate holders and used by them to initiate certification paths.
        Subordinate CA
            A subordinate CA does not begin trust paths. Trust initiates from a root CA. In some deployments, a subordinate CA is referred to as a child CA.
        Registration Authority (RA)
            The RA is an entity positioned between the client and the CA that is used to support or offload work from a CA. Although the RA cannot generate a certificate, it can accept requests, verify a person’s identity, and pass along the information to the CA that will perform the actual certificate generation. RAs are usually located at the same level as the subscribers for which they perform authentication.
        